[DOCS] standardize theme guides (#441)
OvertureMaps/docs: docs/guides/places/taxonomy.mdx

| [..., cantonese_restaurant] | Specific Cantonese Restaurants | 

## Provider Category Mappings

Each data provider describes places using its own category system, so during ingest every provider's raw categories are mapped into the Overture taxonomy. Most of these mappings are exact or previously reviewed matches; the remainder are model-derived semantic matches that are held to a confidence floor and reviewed before becoming permanent lookups.

> Beginning with the July 2026 release, Overture also captures these provider category mappings in the pipeline, making it possible to trace how a source provider's original category was translated into the Overture taxonomy. The July 2026 release additionally expanded US coverage from BrightQuery with places in the `arts_and_entertainment`, `lodging`, and `cultural_and_historic_landmarks` categories, mapped to the taxonomy via NAICS-based mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with the July 2026 release, Overture also captures these provider category mappings in the pipeline, making it possible to trace how a source provider's original category was translated into the Overture taxonomy. The July 2026 release additionally expanded US coverage from BrightQuery with places in the `arts_and_entertainment`, `lodging`, and `cultural_and_historic_landmarks` categories. In cases where BrightQuery supplies no category, the category is sometimes inferred from the supplied NAICS code as a fallback.
```
